# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 18ms
    [gap of 11ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 31ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 11ms
    [gap of 17ms]
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    create-X86-model 10ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 145ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 149ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 22ms
    create-variant-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 34ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 15ms
    create-X86-model 15ms
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
    create-module-model 22ms
    create-variant-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 14ms
    create-X86-model 13ms
    create-X86_64-model 14ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 211ms
  [gap of 34ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 246ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 28ms]
    create-module-model 13ms
    [gap of 27ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 79ms
  [gap of 18ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 97ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 63ms
  [gap of 11ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 74ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 47ms
  [gap of 11ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 58ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 51ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 60ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 58ms]
    create-X86_64-model 10ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 70ms
  [gap of 11ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 81ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 45ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 54ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 52ms
  [gap of 11ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 63ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 45ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 55ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 22ms]
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
    [gap of 26ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 64ms
  [gap of 12ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 76ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 45ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 46ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 23ms]
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 51ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 60ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 56ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 66ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 28ms]
    create-X86_64-model 12ms
    [gap of 31ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 71ms
  [gap of 13ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 84ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 57ms
  [gap of 12ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 69ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 43ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 54ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 58ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 69ms
  [gap of 12ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 81ms

